.Dd Jun 02, 2021
.Dt muw-sync 1
.Sh NAME
.Nm muw sync
.Nd synchronize mailboxes for configured accounts
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Ar account...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a wrapping operation for fetching mailboxes using
.Xr isync 1
and updating the index for the
.Xr mu 1
database.
.Pp
If the program is given arguments, it will interpret them as profile names and
will sync only those profiles. It will otherwise sync all profiles managed under
.Sy mu-wizard .
.Sh MAIL NOTIFICATIONS
.Nm muw
sends notifications for all unread mails since the last sync. The notification
program used by
.Nm muw
can be changed by using the
.Va MUW_NOTIFY
environment variable. These can be set as the following:
.Pp
.Bl -dash -offset indent -compact
.It
libnotify
.It
.Lk https://github.com/dudik/herbe herbe
.It
disabled (for disabling notifications)
.El
.Sh AUTHOR
.An Cem Keylan Aq Mt cem@ckyln.com
.Sh COPYING
Copyright (c) 2020-2021 Cem Keylan
.Pp
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.
.Pp
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.
.Pp
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see
.Lk https://www.gnu.org/licenses/ .
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr muw 1
.Xr muw-add 1
