.Dd Jun 01, 2021
.Dt muw-add 1
.Sh NAME
.Nm muw add
.Nd create new account configuration for muw
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl chov
.Op Fl a Ar EMAIL
.Op Fl m Op Ar =COUNT
.Op Fl r Ar NAME
.Op Fl t Ar TITLE
.Op Fl l Op Ar =USERNAME
.Op Fl i Ar SERVER
.Op Fl I Ar PORT
.Op Fl s Ar SERVER
.Op Fl S Ar PORT
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
can be used to add and configure a maill acount to be used with
.Sy mu4e .
When you run
.Nm
it will start an interactive setup wizard that will receive input to configure
certain options.
.Nm
can also be called with certain flags to configure options without requiring the
interactive wizard. Those are:
.Bl -tag
.It Fl c, -disable-checks
Disable checking
.Pa domains.csv
for acquiring domain information.
.It Fl o, -disable-overrides
Disable checking override files for acquiring domain information.
.It Fl a, -address Ar EMAIL
Email address for account generation.
.It Fl m, -max-messages Op Ar =COUNT
Maximum message COUNT to be kept offline, leave empty for unlimited.
.It Fl r, -real-name Ar NAME
You full name to be identified with the account.
.It Fl t, -title Ar TITLE
Unique account title
.It Fl l, -login Op Ar =USERNAME
Use your full address if empty or USERNAME for your login name
.It Fl i, -imap Ar SERVER
IMAP server address
.It Fl I, -imap-port Ar PORT
IMAP server port
.It Fl s, -smtp Ar SERVER
SMTP server address
.It Fl S, -smtp-port Ar PORT
SMTP server port
.It Fl v, -version
Display version information
.It Fl h, -help
Print this help message
.Pp
For each account set up,
.Nm muw
will create configurations for
.Sy msmtp , isync
.Sh PASSWORD MANAGERS
.Pp
.Nm muw
supports the usage of three password managers, these are:
.Bl -dash -offset indent -compact
.It
.Lk https://passwordstore.org pass
.It
.Lk https://github.com/dylanaraps/pash pash
.It
.Lk https://github.com/cemkeylan/pm pm
.El
.Pp
.Nm muw
will use the first password manager found as the order above, and the password
manager found during the setup wizard will always be the one used for
authentication
.Pq unless changed in both msmtp and isync configuration files .
.Pp
If you have, for some reason, have multiple password managers on your system,
you can force which one to use by setting the
.Va MUW_PWM
environment variable to the password manager you want to use.
.Sh OVERRIDING THE WIZARD
It is possible to override the behaviour of built-in functions in order to
achive domain-level control. This is usually not needed, but can be done for
domains that require non-standard configuration, such as ProtonMail.
.Pp
If you need to override your email setup, you can create an override file, which
is a shell script, and place it to either
.Pa ~/.config/mu4e/overrides/example.com
or
.Pa $SHAREDIR/overrides/example.com .
You can learn what your
.Va $SHAREDIR
is by running
.Ql muw data .
.Pp
The default installation has override configurations for
.Lk gmail.com ,
.Lk protonmail.com ,
.Lk pm.me ,
and
.Lk protonmail.ch .
.Sh CA CERTIFICATES
Distros usually provide different methods of obtaining CA Certificate files. If
you think you have a CA Certificate on a different path than what is searched,
you can manually specify the location of the file by setting the
.Ev MUW_CACERT
environment variable to the location of the certificate file.
.Bd -offset indent -literal
export MUW_CACERT=/path/to/cacert.pem
.Ed
This manual mentions some of the ways I know of installing CA Certificates, and
also a manual way of doing it. If you want to add your distribution to this
manual, feel free to do so by creating an issue on the repository.
.Ss Debian-based distros
You require the package named
.Sy ca-certificates .
After you obtain the package, you can run:
.Bd -offset indent -literal
/usr/sbin/update-ca-certificates
.Ed
.Ss Carbs Linux
If you are using Carbs Linux, it is highly likely that you already have CA
Certificate files installed by a post-install script from the
.Sy libressl
package. However, you can still manually install/update the certificate by
running
.Bd -offset indent -literal
/etc/ssl/update-certdata.sh
.Ed
.Ss Manually installing CA Certificates
If none of these ways mentioned above are fitting for you, you can manually
download the CA Certificates with wget or curl.
.Bd -offset indent -literal
mkdir -p /etc/ssl
curl -Lo /etc/ssl/cert.pem https://curl.haxx.se/ca/cacert.pem
.Ed
.Sh AUTHOR
.An Cem Keylan Aq Mt cem@ckyln.com
.Sh COPYING
Copyright (c) 2020-2021 Cem Keylan
.Pp
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.
.Pp
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.
.Pp
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see
.Lk https://www.gnu.org/licenses/ .
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr muw 1
